y'all see Landry Fields getting hyped in
the huddle on the way he decide to 40
not about to do anything what's going on
your boy d man you see we starting off
against the Mavericks they have a pretty
decent team you know Jared jet darren
collison of course to have dirt Shawn
Marion indicate man Chris Kaman Chris
Kaman used to getting in on Clippers but
watch out easier disease i'm running up
court has to write down the vinyl he's
gonna give me that easy assist to start
the game now i do want to give a quick
shout-out to everybody that came over
from the commentators dunk contest and I
appreciate all the love I'm excited I
can't wait to see how far I go hopefully
I can get out the first round opponent
brought him in his frequent flyer no he
brought his AGame I had to be my a-game
also know if I do lose it's all good
because that was a nice pass to Bynum
Bynum I see you I do lose I'll be fine
with that because at least it was to him
I say he brought his a game I want to be
mad if I lost the first round and I also
learned some things that I wouldn't have
learned if it wasn't for this
competition on my regular soaps they
know that I'm not good at editing
especially when it comes to montages but
pretty much everybody was saying yo D
use just the editing game up because of
this contest in yo I learned some new
things so I see if I do lose and the way
I still kind of win because I learned
how to improve my quality and how they
prove my editing but just really what
this contest is about no forcing the
contestants to step their game up in the
area they're not too good in as i get
that still on Jarrett Jack my boy big
piece won't finish it off Shawn Marion
goes down low here in Sicily oh you know
I'm running down court the Marty d man
that combo has been deadly lately I'm
gonna take this for myself all the way
should have been an n1 you all know that
I don't get these and once I don't get
fouls it's all good though holding
they'll be calling for that pick and
roll you already know it's so perfect
pick and roll by big be there you go
with the leo now
seeing big be in lately I'm glad he's
getting some playing time so now we have
big be Andrew Bynum ed Davis and barrage
is still injured it's whenever he comes
back we're gonna be ready you see the
no-look pass through the martyr frozen
look at the Mart oh no he wasn't ready
for that call the scene he wasn't ready
to get murdered you see Tamar falling
down yo tomorrow he want to be in that
dunk contest to ICU like I said the
Marty's been killing it lately I love it
look constant jumping on that pump fake
I'm running to the elbow and I'm gonna
knock down that jumper now this is a
pretty funny game because it was pretty
folks at first but you see we gonna
break away in a little bit he's I'm
going trying to dunk on dirt but I'll
take the n one whenever I go that
somebody like that I just want to dunk
on them I want those contact layups hey
Davis trying to set the screen average
bringing the double-team I'm just run
away from a dunking on Jarrett Jack you
a lot earlier i said i don't get em once
i get an one is all over the place now I
look like lawyer Gary Jackie need to get
out the way and Davis low that play man
he gain height for me as he should be
because he was about to get in the way
it's alright though bringing the ball up
court trying to pick a row right here
but the Mavericks rotate perfectly to be
honest they cough the lane cut me off
playing defense on me actually made me
give up the ball it Davis forehand give
that back though you know that range
it's real strange so I'm thrown up that
three did it and then boy good strange
range and I'm running down court I see
Landry Landry ain't bout that life so he
gonna pass the right back look he just
SAT off me you say I got back it's going
in I know a few people are gonna ask
about my jumper do you a release d way
bass if you didn't know my player is
kind of based off d way same height
pretty much same weight so i took this
jumper you see I knocked down a jumper
again right in the defenders face the
jumper is money you should just try it
out if you know searching for a new one
once the game span jumper to beat the
buzzer I'm getting all these jumpers to
fall usually I'm going around dunking
all people gotta switch the game up
sometimes calling for that screen vinyl
is gonna set it I'm taking the other way
I'm going into the paint Dirk get out
the way come on Dirk you know
I'm in the CDC three you didn't even
know it once again I see the land wide
open you know I'm going coast to coast
they're trying to jump at me again dirt
dating a man boy good in the am one on
dirt why why why would you try that dirt
almost put him on the floor you see I'm
getting high I'm telling the crowd to
get up on their feet cheer for your boy
Dirk you don't learn man don't be
jumping and I'm flying down the lane hey
Davis gets a nice block right there I'm
running down court already once again I
see the margin Rosie another no look
pass the Mars Duncan again d man through
the marvelous the dnd combo in full of
fifth right now the margin Rosen looked
like he bought the cherries ACL he needs
to chill out with that we're almost to
the playoffs again so I don't need
anybody else getting injured let they
leave me wild open you know the range is
strange that's that strange range why
would you leave me open this is why the
game got busted wide open no they just
care leaving people open he wasn't
playing good defense we're gonna take
this one gonna get the nice w at home
anyways I thought you all later once
again thanks for all the love and CBC
three thanks for all the love in general
man I don't say that I no no I'm really
happy for you know 14k and still
climbing man I appreciate it don't even
know it peace
bye